added note about fed sharing configuration (#3279)
owncloud/docs: modules/user_manual/pages/files/federated_cloud_sharing.adoc

servers, in effect creating your own cloud of ownClouds. You can create
direct share links with users on other ownCloud servers.

> IMPORTANT: https://doc.owncloud.org/server/admin_manual/configuration/files/federated_cloud_sharing_configuration.html[Federated Sharing] has to be configured by the administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: xref:admin_manual:configuration/files/federated_cloud_sharing_configuration.adoc[Federated Sharing] has to be configured by the administrator.
```
DO NOT USE for references inside docs html links!!!
USE xref pointing to a .adoc file instead
